Modified by Kevin Murphy, 27 Jan 2011.
The two main functions are 
  pfMclDemo - monte carlo localization in known map
  rbpfSlamDemo - learn map as well


General =======

The .data and .m files associated with the standard particle filtering
(localization with a known map) are prefixed with "pf_". The .data and
.m files associated with the Rao-Blackwellised particle filtering
(simultaneous localization and mapping) are prefixed with "rbpf_".

The common files are: - deterministicR.m (Kitagawa's deterministic
resampling algorithm*).  - pos_proposal.m (motion model with added
noise).  - screenshot.m (saving a single movie frame to a .bmp file).

*Courtesy of Arnaud Doucet and Nando de Freitas.

In the Matlab prompt, to run the localization demo type "pf"; to run
the localization and mapping demo type "rbpf". For the localization
demo, in pf.m toggle the flag "vision" to either enable angle-based
continuous vision mode or 8-ray-based scan mode. Set the "mode" flag
to "2d" when using vision and to "1d" when using ray scans, to
differentiate the weight calculation modes.

Sometimes you will see two robots on the map. The red one is the
expected position based on the odometry reading, the green one is the
real position. This will only happen in case of "slippage".

The magenta colored boxes on the screen correspond to the scanner
readings of the robot. Usually they appear on top of obstacles, but
they may also show up close to an obstacle if the reading was faulty
due to noise.


Data files ==========

- pf_move.data, rbpf_move.data:

Each line contains [delta_y,delta_x] for each change in the robot's
position, after the odometry noise has been added.

- pf_positions.data, rbpf_positions.data:

Each line contains [y,x] absolute position of the robot after each
step, before the odometry noise has been added (this data is used for
display purposes only).

- pf_scan.data (used for scan ray mode, with 1d weighting):

Each line contains distances (in cells) to the nearest obstacles
detected along the scan rays (8 ray directions in total), at each
step. If no obstacle has been detected along a given direction, the
default value is 1e99.

- pf_scan.data (used for vision mode and scan ray mode, with 2d
weighting):

The first line of the current observation block specifies the number M
of detected features, followed by -1 by convention. The remaining M
lines contain [delta_y,delta_x] distances to the detected
features. The number of observation blocks is determined by the number
of robot positions.

- rbpf_scan.data:

Each line contains [id,delta_y,delta_x], where id is the unique
feature id, and [delta_y,delta_x] is the distance from the robot's
location to the feature detected along a scan ray. 8 consequtive lines
make up the complete observation (along all scan rays) at a given
step. If no feature has been detected along a particular ray, the
default values are [0,0,0].

- pf_world.data, rbpf_world.data:

These are the robot's worlds. Unlike the previous data files, these
are generated by hand (the others are generated by pf_make_data.m and
rbpf_make_data.m).
